today is the day of the last greeting a
gigi marules the late bomber of
cosenza that was cut short by a
heart attack at only 52 years
Last Sunday the fans rossoblù her
fans waited for the arrival of the
corpse in the stadium San Vito che per
the opportunity was opened for him on
mayor mario occhiuto has already announced
which will soon be titled the
premature and sudden disappearance of the
historic wolf captain over the years
of the series b said eyed ha
generated a deep loss in
all the people of Cosenza and not just the person
which was besides the footballer he knew
leave a testimony of greatness
human that at the time of his death is
was rightly described as an emblem
of a type of football that no longer exists
loaded with sporting values ​​and not mere
image as an end in itself
honors us and that gigi marulla be tied
to the name of cosenza and we mean by
this will immediately honor the
memory starting with the headline
his house
the San Vito stadium will become the stadium
louis marulla so that the memory of
what but nothing has been and has
represented has an indelible place
that honors it as it deserves
this is the stage where gigi marulla is
been the protagonist for 11 seasons with
330 appearances and 91 goals
this place will really be forever on